.TH "hub-pull-request" "1" "13 Feb 2019" "hub version 2.9.0" "Create a GitHub Pull Request."
.nh
.ad l
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR [\-focp] [\-b \fIBASE\fP] [\-h \fIHEAD\fP] [\-r \fIREVIEWERS\fP ] [\-a \fIASSIGNEES\fP] [\-M \fIMILESTONE\fP] [\-l \fILABELS\fP]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-m \fIMESSAGE\fP [\-\-edit]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-F \fIFILE\fP [\-\-edit]
.br
\fB\fChub pull\-request\fR \-i \fIISSUE\fP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\-f, \-\-force
.RS 4
Skip the check for unpushed commits.
.RE
.PP
\-m, \-\-message \fIMESSAGE\fP
.RS 4
The text up to the first blank line in \fIMESSAGE\fP is treated as the pull
request title, and the rest is used as pull request description in Markdown
format.
.sp
If multiple \fIMESSAGE\fP options are given, their values are concatenated as
separate paragraphs.
.RE
.PP
\-\-no\-edit
.RS 4
Use the message from the first commit on the branch as pull request title
and description without opening a text editor.
.RE
.PP
\-F, \-\-file \fIFILE\fP
.RS 4
Read the pull request title and description from \fIFILE\fP.
.RE
.PP
\-e, \-\-edit
.RS 4
Further edit the contents of \fIFILE\fP in a text editor before submitting.
.RE
.PP
\-i, \-\-issue \fIISSUE\fP
.RS 4
Convert \fIISSUE\fP (referenced by its number) to a pull request.
.sp
You can only convert issues authored by you or that which you have admin
rights over. In most workflows it is not necessary to convert issues to
pull requests; you can simply reference the original issue in the body of
the new pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-o, \-\-browse
.RS 4
Open the new pull request in a web browser.
.RE
.PP
\-c, \-\-copy
.RS 4
Put the URL of the new pull request to clipboard instead of printing it.
.RE
.PP
\-p, \-\-push
.RS 4
Push the current branch to \fIHEAD\fP before creating the pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-b, \-\-base \fIBASE\fP
.RS 4
The base branch in the "[\fIOWNER\fP:]\fIBRANCH\fP" format. Defaults to the default
branch of the upstream repository (usually "master").
.sp
See the "CONVENTIONS" section of hub(1) for more information on how hub
selects the defaults in case of multiple git remotes.
.RE
.PP
\-h, \-\-head \fIHEAD\fP
.RS 4
The head branch in "[\fIOWNER\fP:]\fIBRANCH\fP" format. Defaults to the currently
checked out branch.
.RE
.PP
\-r, \-\-reviewer \fIUSERS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list of GitHub handles to request a review from.
.RE
.PP
\-a, \-\-assign \fIUSERS\fP
.RS 4
A comma\-separated list of GitHub handles to assign to this pull request.
.RE
.PP
\-M, \-\-milestone \fINAME\fP
.RS 4
The milestone name to add to this pull request. Passing the milestone number
is deprecated.
.RE
.PP
\-l, \-\-labels \fILABELS\fP
.RS 4
Add a comma\-separated list of labels to this pull request. Labels will be
created if they do not already exist.
.RE
.br
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
.RS 4
.nf
$ hub pull\-request
[ opens a text editor for writing title and message ]
[ creates a pull request for the current branch ]

$ hub pull\-request \-\-base OWNER:master \-\-head MYUSER:my\-branch
[ creates a pull request with explicit base and head branches ]

$ hub pull\-request \-\-browse \-m "My title"
[ creates a pull request with the given title and opens it in a browser ]

$ hub pull\-request \-F \- \-\-edit < path/to/message\-template.md
[ further edit the title and message received on standard input ]
.fi
.RE
.SH "CONFIGURATION"
.PP
\fB\fCHUB\_RETRY\_TIMEOUT\fR
.RS 4
The maximum time to keep retrying after HTTP 422 on \fB\fC\-\-push\fR (default: 9).
.RE
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
hub(1), hub\-merge(1), hub\-checkout(1)

